feat: assemble-docs action (#46)
dfinity/ci-tools: actions/assemble-docs/README.md

# Assemble docs action

Packages documentation assets for a specific version and updates the `versions.json` file on the `icp-pages` branch.

This action:

- Zips the folder named after the requested `docs_version` inside `docs_output_dir`
- If a `latest` folder is present, zips that as well and ensures an entry exists in `versions.json`
- Checks out the `icp-pages` branch, upserts entries in `versions.json`, commits, and pushes the changes
- **Note**: Only stable versions (starting with `v`) are added to `versions.json`; non-stable versions like `beta`, `dev`, `next`, `nightly` are packaged but not tracked in versions

## Action inputs

> | Input                  | Description                                                                                            | Required | Default     |

Author: Fixed

| `docs_output_dir`      | Directory containing per-version documentation folders. Zips are written next to these folders.        | Yes      | _required_  |
| `docs_version`         | The docs version to package. Allowed values: `vX`, `vX.Y`, `vX.Y.Z`, `beta`, `dev`, `next`, `nightly`. | Yes      | _required_  |
| `docs_version_label`   | Optional label value to set for the docs version entry label. Defaults to `docs_version`.              | No       | `''`        |
| `latest_version_label` | Optional label value to set for the latest entry in `versions.json`.                                   | No       | `'latest'`  |
| `icp_pages_dir`        | The name of the folder where the icp-pages branch has been cloned.                                     | No       | `icp-pages` |

## Action outputs

This action does not set any outputs.

## Example usage

```yaml
name: Assemble docs

on:
  workflow_dispatch:

jobs:
  assemble_docs:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Checkout repository
        uses: actions/checkout@11bd71901bbe5b1630ceea73d27597364c9af683 # v4.2.2

>       # Build docs assets and output them to dist/docs/v1.2.3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # Add your own steps to build doc assets and output them to dist/docs/v1.2.3
```

>       # (and optionally dist/docs/latest if you want to publish docs under the latest URL)

Author: I put the checkout of the icp-pages branch down there to make it clear that it's part of the preparation steps you have to do before invoking the action

>       - name: Checkout icp-pages branch

Author: Done with a little adjustment

        uses: actions/checkout@11bd71901bbe5b1630ceea73d27597364c9af683 # v4.2.2
        with:
          ref: icp-pages
          path: icp-pages

      - name: Assemble docs
        uses: dfinity/ci-tools/actions/assemble-docs@main
        with:

>           docs_output_dir: dist/docs/
>           docs_version: v1.2.3
>           docs_version_label: 'Version 1.2.3'
>           latest_version: v1 # optional; can be different from docs_version
>           icp_pages_dir: icp-pages # optional; must be the same as the path in the checkout step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          src_dir: dist # the path to the built docs
          target_dir: icp-pages # the path to output the assembled docs, must match the `path` in the checkout step
          version: v1.2.3 # the docs version to upsert
          version_label: 'Version 1.2.3' # optionally set a label for this version
          latest_version_label: 'Latest (Version 1.2.3)' # optionally set a label for the latest version
```
